Feature/esp jpeg (#40)
espressif/esp-bsp: components/esp_jpeg/README.md

# JPEG Decoder: TJpgDec - Tiny JPEG Decompressor

> TJpgDec is a generic JPEG image decompressor module that highly optimized for small embedded systems. It works with very low memory consumption.

Reviewer: What memory consumption can be roughly expected?
```suggestion
TJpgDec is a generic JPEG image decompressor that is highly optimized for small embedded systems. It works with very low memory consumption.
```

> Some microcontrollers have tjpg decoder in ROM, it is used, if there is. [^1] Using ROM code can be disabled in menuconfig.

Reviewer: Which MCUs exactly have the implementation in ROM?

There should be a paragraph explaining pros and cons of using the ROM implementation (flexibility, configuration, speed?, memory footprint program/data memory)

> [^1]: **_NOTE:_** When there is used ROM decoder, there cannot be changed configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: **_NOTE:_** When the ROM decoder is used, the configuration can't be changed. The configuration is fixed to **TODO** 
```

Please add more information about the fixed ROM configuration. + Information about how much program memory is saved by using the ROM version

[^1]: **_NOTE:_** When the ROM decoder is used, the configuration can't be changed. The configuration is fixed.

## Features

**Compilation configuration:**
- Size of stream input buffer (default 512)
- Output pixel format (default RGB888): RGB888/RGB565
- Switches output descaling feature (default enabled)
- Use table conversion for saturation arithmetic (default enabled)
- Three optimization levels (default basic): 8/16-bit MCUs, 32-bit MCUs, Table conversion for huffman decoding 

**Runtime configuration:**
- Pixel Format: RGB888, RGB565
- Scaling Ratio: 1/1, 1/2, 1/4 or 1/8 Selectable on Decompression
- Allow swap the first and the last byte of the color

## TJpgDec in ROM

Some microcontrollers have TJpg decoder in ROM. It is used as default, but it can be disabled in menuconfig. Then there will be used code saved in this component. 

### List of MCUs, which have TJpgDec in ROM
- ESP32
- ESP32-S3
- ESP32-C2
- ESP32-C3
- ESP32-H2

### Fixed compilation configuration of the ROM code
- Stream input buffer: 512
- Output pixel format: RGB888
- Descaling feature for output: Enabled
- Table for saturation: Enabled

> - Optimization level: Basic

Author: It equals to (JD_FASTDECODE = 0)
